# Topics

- JWT
- RegExp Syntax
- Async function
- JavaScript Data Types
- External JS

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. What does JWT stands for?

2. Which of the following syntax is valid for creating a RegExp object in JavaScript?

   - 1. var txt=new RegExp(pattern,attributes);
   - 2. var txt=/pattern/attributes;

3. Choose the correct JavaScript statement/s.

   ```js
   const foo = new Promise((res, rej) => {
     res(1);
   });

   async function faa() {
     return foo;
   }

   function res() {
     return Promise.resolve(foo);
   }

   console.log(foo === faa()); //statement 1
   console.log(foo === res()); //statement 2
   ```

   - Statement 1 and statement 2, both are true because all the three functions foo(), faa() and res(), will be referencing the same function.

   - Statement 1 is false, because the faa() function will be referencing a new promise and Statement 2 will be true because the foo() will be referencing the same promise as the res() function.

   - Statement 1 and statement 2, both are false because all the three functions foo(), faa() and res(), will be referencing different functions.

   - Statement 1 is true, because the faa() function will be referencing the same promise and Statement 2 will be false because the foo() will be referencing a new promise as the res() function.

4. Which of the following is not a valid JavaScript data type?

   - Number
   - String
   - Element
   - Boolean

5. Which is the correct way to include an external JavaScript file in HTML?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. JSON Web Token

2. Both 1 and 2 syntax

3. Statement 1 is false, because the faa() function will be referencing a new promise and Statement 2 will be true because the foo() will be referencing the same promise as the res() function.

4. Element

5. `<script src="script.js"></script>`

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1. JWT stands for "JSON Web Token." It is a compact, URL-safe token format used for securely transmitting information between parties as a JSON object.

2.
3. The foo() function will output a Promise resolved with value 1 as output. The faa() function will wrap the output of the foo() function into a Promise.resolve and it will return a different reference promise.So, faa() === foo is false. You should know that Async functions always return a promise. If the return value of an async function is not explicitly a promise, it will be implicitly wrapped in a promise. The function res() will return a promise value referencing the same foo() promise. So, res() === foo() is true.

4.

5.

&nbsp;
