# Topics

- True For CSS
- Title Tag
- Exceptions: What's the output?(JS)
- Correct CSS Syntax
- React-Firebase-2

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. What is true about CSS?

   - apply styles for the web page
   - define structure of the web page
   - provide meaning to the sections of the web page
   - none of the above

2. Choose the appropriate option that defines the purpose of the title tag in HTML.

   The title tag -

   - defines a title in the browser toolbar
   - provides a title for the page when it is added to favorites
   - displays a title for the page in search-engine results
   - all of the above

3. What will be the output of the following JavaScript code?

   ```js
   try {
     var ar = new Array(1, 2, 3, 4, 5);
     var int = br[6];
     console.log(int);
   } finally {
     console.log("This block always executes");
   }
   ```

   - ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException This block always executes
   - Compiler Error
   - ReferenceError: br is not defined This block always executes

4. Which is the correct CSS syntax written inside the style tag?

   - body { font-size: 20px; }
   - body { font-size= 20px };
   - body:{ font-size: 20px; }
   - body:{ font-size= 20px; }

5. In which lifecycle method should you unsubscribe from your real time updates listener in JavaScript?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. apply styles for the web page

2. all of the above

3. ReferenceError: br is not defined This block always executes

4. body { font-size: 20px; }

5. componentWillUnmount

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1. CSS is the language we use to style an HTML document which will be displayed on your browser. CSS describes how HTML elements should be displayed.

2. The title tag in HTML serves multiple purposes, including defining a title in the browser toolbar, providing a title for the page when added to favorites, and displaying a title for the page in search-engine results.

3. Here as we have used try with finally block and skipped the catch block, exception is not handled by catch block but executes the finally block. br array is not defined , array defined was ar

4. A CSS Syntax rule consists of a selector, property, and its value. The selector points to the HTML element where the CSS style is to be applied. The CSS property is separated by semicolons. It is a combination of the selector name followed by the property: value pair that is defined for the specific selector.

5. It is called just before unmounting the component and therefore any cleanup is done in this method

&nbsp;
