# Topics

- Declare an Integer
- Integer Plus Char
- variable in strict mode
- Function Objects
- var vs let

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. How can you declare an integer in javascript?

2. What will be the output of the following code in JavaScript?

   ```js
   console.log(1 + "1");
   ```

3. Choose the correct option for the following JavaScript statement?

   ```js
   function add(a, b) {
     "use strict";
     c = 10;
     return a + b + c;
   }
   console.log(add(3, 4));
   ```

4. What should be printed on the console for the following JavaScript statement?

   ```js
   var obj = {};
   function A() {
     return obj;
   }
   function B() {
     return obj;
   }
   console.log(new A() == new B());
   ```

5. The main difference between the variables declared with var and with let in JavaScript is

   - var is confined to a particular function but let is not
   - var defines values based on conditions but let does not
   - let is confined to a particular function but var is not
   - let doesn’t let you change the value of the variable

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. var a = 10;

2. 11

3. ReferenceError: c is not defined

4. true

5. let is confined to a particular function but var is not

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1.

2.

3. If we don't use `use strict`, the output will be 17.

4. The statement new A() will make a new object of ‘A’ and call the constructor of object ‘A’, which will return var obj. Similarly the statement new B() will make a new object of ‘B’ and call the constructor of object ‘B’, which will return var obj. Hence console.log( new A() == new B() ); will print true in the console.

5. Variables declared with var have global scope whereas variable declared with let have block scope. Variables declared with let are defined only within the closest enclosing block (and any blocks nested within it, of course).
