# Topics

- Describe List Item 2
- Circled List
- return statement
- Inheritance in JavaScript
- value of number

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. Which tag is used to describe a list item in HTML?

2. Which can be used to create a list with filled circles in HTML

3. What is the primary role of the "return( )" statement in a function body in JavaScript?

4. What will the following JavaScript code print in the console?

   ```js
   class Vehicle {
     constructor(doors, wheels) {
       this.doors = doors;
       this.wheels = wheels;
     }
   }
   class bus extends Vehicle {
     constructor(windows) {
       this.windows = windows;
     }
   }
   var b = new bus(10);
   console.log(bus.windows);
   ```

5. Which number object function returns the value of the number in JavaScript?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. `<li>`

2. `<ul type="disc">`

3. It returns the value and stops executing the function

4. Uncaught ReferenceError: Must call super constructor in derived class before accessing 'this' or returning from derived constructor

5. valueOf()

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1. The `<li>` tag defines a list item.

2. Since it's an unordered list, we use the `<ul>` tag; for the filled circle we can set the type attribute of the `<ul>` tag as a disc.

3. In general, the "return" statement is the last statement in the body of function if the function is return-type. Whenever the return statement gets encountered in the definition of the function, the execution of the function will stop, and it returns the stored value to the statement where the function call has been made.

4. There are three common ways to convert the text into strings:value.toString(),"" + value and String(value). We can convert a text to string without using "new" operator that are: human.tostring() and the another one is String(human).

5. The method "valueOf()" returns the value of the parameter that was passed in it.
