# Topics

- An Empty Object
- hasOwnProperty()
- What is the Output
- Async function
- Title Tag

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. Let’s say that you created an empty object 'obj'? What will the below statements print on the console?

   ```js
   obj.key1 = "value1";
   console.log(obj.key1);
   ```

2. Suppose there is a class 'Person' and an object 'person' is created as follows -

   ```js
   class Person = {
   constructor(name) { this.name = name; }
   //  …… Other methods …..
   }
   var person = new Person("James");
   ```

The below statement returns true or false if a property is present in the person object -

    ```js
    person.hasOwnProperty(property)
    ```

Where does this function in JavaScript come from?

3. What will the below statements print on the console?

   ```js
   function User(name) {
     this.isAdmin = false;
     return name;
   }
   var user = User("Jack");
   console.log(user);
   ```

4. Choose the correct JavaScript statement/s.

   ```js
   const foo = new Promise((res, rej) => {
     res(1);
   });

   async function faa() {
     return foo;
   }

   function res() {
     return Promise.resolve(foo);
   }

   console.log(foo === faa()); //statement 1
   console.log(foo === res()); //statement 2
   ```

   - Statement 1 and statement 2, both are true because all the three functions foo(), faa() and res(), will be referencing the same function.

   - Statement 1 is false, because the faa() function will be referencing a new promise and Statement 2 will be true because the foo() will be referencing the same promise as the res() function.

   - Statement 1 and statement 2, both are false because all the three functions foo(), faa() and res(), will be referencing different functions.

   - Statement 1 is true, because the faa() function will be referencing the same promise and Statement 2 will be false because the foo() will be referencing a new promise as the res() function.

5. The title tag -

   - defines a title in the browser toolbar

   - provides a title for the page when it is added to favorites

   - displays a title for the page in search-engine results

   - all of the above

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. value1

2. From Object’s prototype

3. "Jack"

4. Statement 1 is false, because the faa() function will be referencing a new promise and Statement 2 will be true because the foo() will be referencing the same promise as the res() function.

5. all of the above

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1.
2.

3.

4. The foo() function will output a Promise resolved with value 1 as output. The faa() function will wrap the output of the foo() function into a Promise.resolve and it will return a different reference promise.So, faa() === foo is false. You should know that Async functions always return a promise. If the return value of an async function is not explicitly a promise, it will be implicitly wrapped in a promise. The function res() will return a promise value referencing the same foo() promise. So, res() === foo() is true.

5. The title tag in HTML serves multiple purposes, including defining a title in the browser toolbar, providing a title for the page when added to favorites, and displaying a title for the page in search-engine results.
