# MCQ

1. What kind of scoping does JavaScript use?
2. What must be done in order to implement Lexical Scoping?

   - Get the object
   - Dereference the current scope chain
   - Reference the current scope chain
   - Return the value

3. What is closure?

   - Function objects
   - Scope where function’s variables are resolved
   - Both Function objects and Scope where function’s variables are resolved
   - Function return value

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. Lexical

2. Reference the current scope chain

3. A combination of a function object and a scope (a set of variable bindings) in which the function’s variables are resolved is called a closure.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Coding MCQ

## 1

```js
function createCounter() {
  var count = 0;

  function counter() {
    count++;
    console.log(count);
  }
  return counter;
}
var increment = createCounter();

increment();
increment();
increment();
```

&nbsp;

## 2

```js
function outer() {
  var x = 10;

  function inner() {
    console.log(x);
  }

  return inner;
}

var innerFunc = outer();
innerFunc();
```

&nbsp;

## 3

```js
function outerF() {
  var y = 10;

  function innerF() {
    console.log(y);
  }

  y = 20;
  return innerF;
}

var innerFunc = outerF();
innerFunc();
```

&nbsp;

## 4

```js
function outer() {
  var x = 10;

  function inner() {
    var y = 5;

    console.log(x + y);
  }

  return inner;
}

var innerFunc = outer();

innerFunc();
```

&nbsp;

## 5

```js
function outer() {
  var x = 10;

  function inner() {
    var y = 5;

    console.log(x + y);
  }

  var x = 20;

  return inner;
}

var innerFunc = outer();

innerFunc();
```

&nbsp;

```js
function outer() {
  var x = 10;

  function inner() {
    var y = 5;

    console.log(x + y);

    x = 20;
  }

  return inner;
}

var innerFunc = outer();

innerFunc();
innerFunc();
```

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. 1 2 3

        In this example, createCounter is a function that returns another function counter, which increments and logs the count variable every time it's called. The increment variable is assigned the counter function returned by createCounter, which can be used to increment the count variable from other parts of your code.

2. 10

3. 20

        The output will be 20. This is because the inner function has access to the x variable in the outer function's scope, and that variable is assigned the value of 20 before the inner function is returned. When innerFunc is called, it logs the current value of x, which is 20.

4. 15

        The output will be 15. This is because the inner function has access to both the x variable declared in the outer function's scope and the y variable declared within the inner function's scope. When innerFunc is called, it logs the sum of x and y, which is 15.

5. 25

        The output will be 25. This is because the inner function has access to the x variable declared in the outer function's scope, which is reassigned the value of 20 before the inner function is returned. When innerFunc is called, it logs the sum of the current value of x and y, which is 25.

6. 15 25

        The output will be 15 and 25. This is because the inner function has access to the x variable declared in the outer function's scope, which is initially assigned the value of 10. When innerFunc is called for the first time, it logs the sum of x and y, which is 15, and then reassigns the value of x to 20. When innerFunc is called for the second time, it logs the sum of the new value of x and y, which is 25.
