# Topics

- Capitalizing Text in CSS
- Function Objects
- Function Invocation

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. In CSS, how do you make each word in a text start with a capital letter?

2. What should be printed on the console for the following JavaScript statement?

```js
var obj = {};
function A() {
  return obj;
}
function B() {
  return obj;
}
console.log(new A() == new B());
```

3. When will the browser invoke the handler?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. text-transform: capitalize;

2. True

3. Specified event occurs

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1. The text-transform: capitalize; CSS property is used to capitalize the first letter of each word.

2. The statement new A() will make a new object of ‘A’ and call the constructor of object ‘A’, which will return var obj. Similarly the statement new B() will make a new object of ‘B’ and call the constructor of object ‘B’, which will return var obj. Hence console.log( new A() == new B() ); will print true in the console.

3. The browser will invoke the handler when a specified event occurs. In event-driven programming, a handler (also known as an event handler or callback function) is a piece of code that is executed in response to a particular event being triggered. Events can be user interactions (e.g., clicks, keypresses) or other actions like data loading, timeouts, etc. For example, if you have a button on a webpage and you want to perform a certain action when the button is clicked, you would attach a click event handler to that button. The handler function will only be invoked when the user clicks the button (the specified event). Similarly, different events (e.g., mouseover, form submission, etc.) can have their own corresponding handlers, and they will be invoked when their respective events occur.
