# Topics

- Function Invocation
- Exceptions: What's the output?(JS)
- Which statement will give error
- React-Firebase-5

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. When will the browser invoke the handler?

2. What will be the output of the following JavaScript code?

   ```js
   try {
     var ar = new Array(1, 2, 3, 4, 5);
     var int = br[6];
     console.log(int);
   } finally {
     console.log("This block always executes");
   }
   ```

3. Which of the following statements will produce an error with the following JavaScript code?

   ```js
   class Person {
     constructor(name) {
       this.name = name;
     }
     get name() {
       return this._name;
     }
     set name(value) {
       this._name = value;
     }
   }
   var person = new Person("James");
   ```

4. Which of the following is valid in firebase?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. Specified event occurs

2. ReferenceError: br is not defined This block always executes

3. person.name()

4. citiesRef.where("state", "==", "CA").where("population", ">", 1000000);

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1. The browser will invoke the handler when a specified event occurs. In event-driven programming, a handler (also known as an event handler or callback function) is a piece of code that is executed in response to a particular event being triggered. Events can be user interactions (e.g., clicks, keypresses) or other actions like data loading, timeouts, etc. For example, if you have a button on a webpage and you want to perform a certain action when the button is clicked, you would attach a click event handler to that button. The handler function will only be invoked when the user clicks the button (the specified event). Similarly, different events (e.g., mouseover, form submission, etc.) can have their own corresponding handlers, and they will be invoked when their respective events occur.

2. Here as we have used try with finally block and skipped the catch block, exception is not handled by catch block but executes the finally block. br array is not defined , array defined was ar

3.

4. Queries with range filters on different fields are not supported. Queries with a != clause are not supported. In this case, split the query into a greater-than query and a less-than query.
