# Topics

- What is the Output
- Object Constructor
- setTimeout()

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. What will the following JavaScript code print in the console?

   ```js
   let People = function (person, age) {
     this.person = person;
     this.age = age;
     this.info = function () {
       console.log(this);
       setTimeout(() => {
         console.log(this.person + " is " + this.age + " years old");
       }, 3000);
     };
   };
   let person1 = new People("John", 21);
   person1.info();
   ```

2. What will be the output of the JavaScript code below?

   ```js
   function Abc() {
     "use strict";
     this.a = 25;
     return { a: 35, b: 44 };
   }
   var obj = new Abc();
   console.log(obj.a, obj.b);
   ```

3. Which of these statement(s) is/are incorrect about setTimeout() in JavaScript?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. People {person: "John", age: 21, info: ƒ} John is 21 years old

2. 35, 44

3. In setTimeout(func) the default time set is 1ms.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1. The statement ‘let person1 = new People('John', 21);’ will create a new People object and call it’s constructor function. Which assigns value of person and age to the object and define the function info. The statement ‘person1.info();’ will invoke the function info of the person1 object. In function info ‘console.log(this); ’ this keyword refers to an object, that object which is executing the current bit of javascript code. After 3000ms setTieout() will print John is 21 years old.

2. The statement ‘ new Abc(); ’ will make a new object of ‘Abc’ and call the constructor of ‘Abc’, then in the constructor the statement ‘ return {a: 35, b: 44}; ’will return a new object which would get stored in var obj. Thus on printing obj.a and obj.b will print 35 and 44.

3. Explanation: in setTimeout, if the time interval is not defined then it will just wait for other tasks to finish and then it will execute the setTimeout function.
