# Topics

- Bold Text Property
- const pi
- JWT Stands for
- React-Reducer
- Specify Link

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. How do you make text bold in CSS?

2. What will be the output of the following JavaScript code?

   ```js
   const pi = 3.14;
   var pi = 4;
   console.log(pi);
   ```

3. What does JWT stands for?

4. Which of the following components of Redux describes how should state be changed?

   - Actions
   - Store
   - Dispatcher
   - Reducer

5. URL for link is specified using \_\_\_ attribute in HTML.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. font-weight: bold;

2. Error

3. JSON Web Token

4. Reducer

5. href

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1. The font-weight property in CSS is used to set the thickness or boldness of the text. Setting it to bold will make the text appear bold.

2. Const keyword fixes the value of the variable. Const keyword can not be redefined. Therefore attempts to alter the value or re-declaration causes errors.

3. JWT stands for "JSON Web Token." It is a compact, URL-safe token format used for securely transmitting information between parties as a JSON object.

4. Actions only describe what happened, but don't describe how the application's state changes. Reducer specifies how the application's state changes in response to actions sent to the store.

5. A URL for a link is specified using the href attribute in HTML. The href attribute stands for "hypertext reference," and it defines the destination of the link, which can be a webpage, an image, a document, or any other resource accessible on the internet or within the same website.
