# Topics

- True For CSS
- RegExp Syntax
- Promises
- let redeclaration 2
- Keyboard Events

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. What is true about CSS?

   - apply styles for the web page
   - define structure of the web page
   - provide meaning to the sections of the web page
   - none of the above

2. Which of the following syntax is valid for creating a RegExp object in JavaScript?

   - var txt=new RegExp(pattern,attributes);
   - var txt=/pattern/attributes;

3. How do you access the data after a promise is fulfilled in JavaScript?

   - Using the .finally()
   - Cannot access
   - Using the .then()
   - Using the .catch()

4. Guess the Output of the following JavaScript code

   ```js
   let a = 3;
   function func() {
     let a = 5;
   }
   console.log(a);
   ```

5. Which of these lines will give an error in HTML & CSS?

   ```js
   function foo() {
     a = 10;
     var b = 20;
   }
   foo();
   console.log(a);
   console.log(b);
   ```

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. apply styles for the web page

2. both 1 & 2

3. Using the .then()

4. 3

5. 5

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1. CSS is the language we use to style an HTML document which will be displayed on your browser. CSS describes how HTML elements should be displayed.

2.
3. .then() can be used to access the data returned by the promise object.

4.

5. In js, a variable is first declared and then it is initialized. The variable ‘a’ will be declared automatically and it will be hoisted to the top. All the variables that are undeclared are global variables. So, when we console.log(a) there will be no error. However, variable b is inside the scope of the function foo and calling it outside the function will give a ‘Reference Error’.

&nbsp;
