# Topics

- Active Link Color
- A Tag Opens in
- Find Error
- passport-jwt Storing User Object
- CSS Full Form

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. Default color of active link in browser is -

2. A linked page using anchor tag is normally displayed in -

3. Which of these lines will give an error in HTML & CSS?

   ```js
   function foo() {
     a = 10;
     var b = 20;
   }
   foo();
   console.log(a);
   console.log(b);
   ```

4. Passport-JWT stores User object in request headers.

5. What does CSS stand for?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. Red

2. Same tab

3. 5

4. false

5. Cascading Style Sheets

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1. By default, a link will appear like this (in all browsers): An active link is underlined and red An unvisited link is underlined and blue. A visited link is underlined and purple.

2. A linked page using the anchor ("a") tag in HTML is normally displayed in the same browser window or tab
   where the user clicked the link by default. This is the standard behavior of anchor tags when the target attribute is not explicitly set.

3. In js, a variable is first declared and then it is initialized. The variable ‘a’ will be declared automatically and it will be hoisted to the top. All the variables that are undeclared are global variables. So, when we console.log(a) there will be no error. However, variable b is inside the scope of the function foo and calling it outside the function will give a ‘Reference Error’.

4. Passport-JWT does not store the User object in request headers. Instead, it uses JSON Web Tokens (JWT) to authenticate requests, which contain a token string that can be used to verify the user's identity. The token is usually included in the Authorization header, while the User object is typically retrieved from the token on the server side.

&nbsp;
