# Topics

- Initial Name for JS
- slice method
- What is the Output
- More Arguments Passed
- Event Delegation

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. What was the initial name for Javascript?

2. What will be the output of the following code in JavaScript?

   ```js
   var students = [“Simran”, “Sakshi”, “Komal’, “Ishita”, “Manya”];
   var selected = students.slice(-4,-2);
   ```

3. What will the following JavaScript code print in the console?

   ```js
   let People = function (person, age) {
     this.person = person;
     this.age = age;
     this.info = function () {
       console.log(this);
       setTimeout(() => {
         console.log(this.person + " is " + this.age + " years old");
       }, 3000);
     };
   };
   let person1 = new People("John", 21);
   person1.info();
   ```

4. What will the function 'test' return upon execution of these JavaScript statements?

   ```js
   function test(a, b) {
     console.log(a + b);
   }
   test(2, 3, 4);
   ```

5. Which of the following statements is/are true about event delegation in javascript?

   - 1. Event Delegation is basically a pattern to handle events efficiently.
   - 2. Event Delegation means adding an event listener to each and every similar element.
   - 3. It simplifies initialization, saves memory and improves performance.
   - 4. By using event delegation, we can add an event listener to a parent element and call an event on a particular target using the . target property of the event object.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. Mocha

2. [“Sakshi”, “Komal”]

3. People {person: "John", age: 21, info: ƒ} John is 21 years old

4. true

5. 1,2,4

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1. In September 1995, a Netscape programmer named Brandan Eich developed a new scripting language in just 10 days. It was originally named Mocha, but quickly became known as LiveScript and, later, JavaScript.

2. slice() selects the elements starting at the given start argument, and ends at, but does not include, the given end argument.. Use negative numbers to select from the end of an array. Further Readings: https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_slice_array.asp

3. The statement ‘let person1 = new People('John', 21);’ will create a new People object and call it’s constructor function. Which assigns value of person and age to the object and define the function info. The statement ‘person1.info();’ will invoke the function info of the person1 object. In function info ‘console.log(this); ’ this keyword refers to an object, that object which is executing the current bit of javascript code. After 3000ms setTimeout() will print John is 21 years old.

4. In JavaScript, functions can be called with any number of arguments, regardless of how many parameters are defined in the function declaration. This is because JavaScript doesn't strictly enforce the number of arguments.

   Here's why no error occurs,

   - Default behavior of parameter

   - Arguments object

5. Further Readings: https://dmitripavlutin.com/javascript-event-delegation/
