# Topics

- JS client or Server ?
- Type of Nothing
- Drag and Drop
- React-Firebase-5
- Group Multiple Selectors

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. JavaScript is

2. What will be the output of the following code in JavaScript?

   ```js
   var a = null;
   typeof a;
   ```

3. Which of the following are the drag and drop events in JavaScript?

   - drop
   - dragstart
   - both drop and dragstart
   - none of the mentioned

4. Which of the following is valid in firebase?

   - citiesRef.where("state", "==", "CA").where("population", ">", 1000000);

   - citiesRef.where("state", ">=", "CA").where("population", ">", 100000);

   - studentsRef.where("age", "!=", "30")

5. How do you group multiple selectors in HTML?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. Client-Side scripting and Server-side scripting both

2. "object"

3. both drop and dragstart

4. citiesRef.where("state", "==", "CA").where("population", ">", 1000000);

5. Separate each selector with a comma

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1. JavaScript is neither CSL (Client-Side Language) nor SSL (Server-Side Language) exclusively. It is primarily a Client-Side Language (CSL) but can also be used on the server-side with environments like Node.js.

2.

3. The drag and drop events in JavaScript are:

   - dragstart
   - drag
   - dragenter
   - dragleave
   - dragover
   - drop
   - dragend

4. Queries with range filters on different fields are not supported. Queries with a != clause are not supported. In this case, split the query into a greater-than query and a less-than query.

5. The grouping selector selects all the HTML elements with the same style definitions. It will be better to group the selectors, to minimize the code. To group selectors, separate each selector with a comma.
