# Topics

- typeOf NaN
- Event Triggering
- JS client or Server ?
- human string
- hasOwnProperty()

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. What will be the output of the following code in JavaScript?

   ```js
   typeof NaN;
   ```

2. In JavaScript, the process by which the browser decides which objects to trigger event handlers on is?

   - Event Triggering
   - Event Listening
   - Event Handling
   - Event propagation

3. JavaScript is

4. Suppose we have a text "human" that we want to convert into string without using the "new" operator. Which is the correct way from the following to do so in context to JavaScript?

5. Suppose there is a class 'Person' and an object 'person' is created as follows -

   ```js
   class Person = {
   constructor(name) { this.name = name; }
   …… Other methods …..
   }
   var person = new Person("James");
   ```

The below statement returns true or false if a property is present in the person object -

    ```js
    person.hasOwnProperty(property)
    ```

Where does this function in JavaScript come from?

From Object’s prototype

We must have declared it inside the class

None of the above mentioned reason is valid
&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. Number

2. Event propagation

3. Client-Side scripting and Server-side scripting both

4. Both human.toString( ) and String(human)

5. Separate each selector with a comma

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1.

2. Event propagation is the process by which the browser decides which objects to trigger event handlers. Event propagation is a way to describe the “stack” of events that are fired in a web browser.

3. JavaScript is neither CSL (Client-Side Language) nor SSL (Server-Side Language) exclusively. It is primarily a Client-Side Language (CSL) but can also be used on the server-side with environments like Node.js.

4. There are three common ways to convert the text into strings:value.toString(),"" + value and String(value). We can convert a text to string without using "new" operator that are: human.tostring() and the another one is String(human).
