# Topics

- Margin Property
- Parent Class Function
- human string
- External Link Syntax
- Nested Function

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. What property is used to add space around elements?

2. Which keyword is used to call the base/parent class functions from the child functions in JavaScript?

3. Suppose we have a text "human" that we want to convert into string without using the "new" operator. Which is the correct way from the following to do so in context to JavaScript?

4. What is the correct HTML for referring to an external style sheet?

5. Which of these options will return ‘5’ as output for the following code?

   ```js
   function foo(a) {
     function faa(b) {
       return a + b;
     }
     return faa;
   }
   ```

   - foo(2); faa(3);
   - foo(2,3);
   - foo(2)(3);
   - None of the above

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. margin

2. supper

3. Both human.toString( ) and String(human)

4. `<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="mystyle.css">`

5. foo(2)(3);

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1. The margin property in CSS is used to create space around elements, outside of any defined borders.

2. The super keyword is used to call base/parent class functions from child class functions in JavaScript.

3. There are three common ways to convert the text into strings:value.toString(),"" + value and String(value). We can convert a text to string without using "new" operator that are: human.tostring() and the another one is String(human).

4. To include an external CSS file in an HTML document, you can use the "link" element in the "head" tag of the HTML file. The "link" element should have a rel attribute with a value of "stylesheet" to indicate that the linked document is a stylesheet, and a href attribute with the URL of the CSS file.
