# Topics

- Equality Operator
- addEventListener
- React- ComponentDidMount-2
- List Starting Count
- Event Delegation

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. What operator is used for equality in JavaScript?

2. Which of the following statements about the arguments of addEventListener() is/are True.

   - a. The first argument to addEventListener() is the event type for which the handler is being registered.
   - b. The second argument to addEventListener() is the function that should be invoked when the specified type of event occurs.
   - c. The third argument to addEventListener() is a numerical value.

3. Predict the output of following code

   ```js
   state={
     value:1
   }
   componentDidMount() {
      console.log("Mounted")
      this.setState((prevState)=>{
         return {value:prevState.value+1}
      })
      this.setState((prevState)=>{
         return {value:prevState.value+1}
      })
   }

   render() {
     console.log("Rendered")
     return (
        <div>
         Hi
        <div/>
     )
   }
   ```

4. To start a list at the count of 3 in HTML, use -

5. Which of the following statements is/are true about event delegation in javascript?

   a. Event Delegation is basically a pattern to handle events efficiently.
   b. Event Delegation means adding an event listener to each and every similar element.
   c. It simplifies initialization, saves memory and improves performance.
   d. By using event delegation, we can add an event listener to a parent element and call an event on a particular target using the . target property of the event object.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. ==

2. a & b

3. Rendered Mounted Rendered

4. `<ol start=”3”>`

5. a, c, d

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1. The == operator in JavaScript checks for equality between two values, allowing for type coercion.

2.

3. Since setState causes re-render multiple setState calls are batched together and re-render happens only once

4.

5. Further Readings: <https://dmitripavlutin.com/javascript-event-delegation/>
