# Topics

- Active Link Color
- const pi
- Number Minus Char
- setTimeout()
- React-Firebase-2

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Questions

1. Default color of active link in browser is -

2. What will be the output of the following JavaScript code?

   ```js
   const pi = 3.14;
   var pi = 4;
   console.log(pi);
   ```

3. What will the below JavaScript line print on the console?

   ```js
   console.log(1 - "1");
   ```

4. Which of these statement(s) is/are incorrect about `setTimeout()` in JavaScript?

   - clearTimeout() is used to clear the interval set by setTimeout().

   - setTimeout() returns a numerical value which uniquely identifies the timer.

   - In setTimeout(func) the default time set is 0ms.

   - In setTimeout(func) the default time set is 1ms.

5. In which lifecycle method should you unsubscribe from your real time updates listener?

   - componentWillUnmount
   - componentDidUnmount
   - shouldComponentUnmount
   - componentDidCatch

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Answer

1. red

2. Error

3. 0

4. In setTimeout(func) the default time set is 1ms.

5. componentWillUnmount

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# Description

1. By default, a link will appear like this (in all browsers)

   ```md
   An active link is underlined and red
   An unvisited link is underlined and blue
   A visited link is underlined and purple.
   ```

2. Const keyword fixes the value of the variable. Const keyword can not be redefined. Therefore attempts to alter the value or re-declaration causes errors.

3. Number - or \* or / Char returns number

4. `setTimeout()`: in setTimeout, if the time interval is not defined then it will just wait for other tasks to finish and then it will execute the setTimeout function.

5. React-Firebase-2 : It is called just before unmounting the component and therefore any cleanup is done in this method

&nbsp;
